Update README.md (#106)
PX4/PX4-GPSDrivers: README.md

All platform-specific stuff is done via a callback function and a
`definitions.h` header file.

> In order for the project to build, definitions.h must include definitions for sensor_gnss_relative_s, sensor_gps_s and satellite_info_s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the project to build, `definitions.h` must include definitions for `sensor_gnss_relative_s`, `sensor_gps_s` and `satellite_info_s`.
```

> For example implementation in [PX4 Firmware](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/master/src/drivers/gps/definitions.h) or [QGroundControl](https://github.com/mavlink/qgroundcontrol/blob/master/src/GPS/definitions.h). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, check the implementation in [PX4 Autopilot](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/master/src/drivers/gps/definitions.h) or [QGroundControl](https://github.com/mavlink/qgroundcontrol/blob/master/src/GPS/definitions.h). 
```
